Nick Bowling(Part A)
Though we all tended to work closely with each other and mostly all had some kind of contribution to each aspect of the project, I especially had a lot of input on the general design of the application.  I was the only person in our group with much experience using VR and 3D modeling software so I was able to share what I had seen in other applications that might be useful to our project.  Because I was the only person in our group with a VR headset I also handled most of our feature testing and QA. In many cases I was also in charge of scheduling meetings both among teammates and with our project advisor. 
In terms of features I did a lot of work on object management and giving the player the ability to spawn objects and to select which objects they would want to spawn.  But because we all worked so closely on features I was able to contribute work to most other parts of the software as well.
	I was able to draw upon and build on a lot of the skills that I identified this past fall.  My experience in software development gave me a good basis for how to approach problem solving and keeping track of a project that’s spread across multiple developers.  The skills I picked up working with version control helped me to avoid a lot of situations that could have overwritten work and lost us time.  One skill that was especially helpful was actually the experience I picked up in my 3D modeling course.  That class helped to inspire the original idea of the project and informed a lot of the features that we decided to include.
	I also picked up a lot of new skills and knowledge over the course of the project as well.  This was my first time working on game development and I learned a lot about developing in Unity and for VR.  I also learned a lot more about how to effectively manage a project and the importance of researching every aspect of the software we’ll be using before starting development.  

Sam Diener:
        	I tried to include myself in everything that I could during development. I was eager so I even created my own 2D game in Unity to get familiarized. So I started out by helping the team get Unity and a project set up. I worked on and added many features throughout development: hand tracking, grabbing, grabbable objects, teleporting using a reticle and ray interactor. These are all relatively standard VR features I added to our game using OpenXR, an open source VR API.
There were much more difficult features I developed as well. I developed the ability for hands on object scaling. This was very difficult, as the OpenXR package we used for grabbing does not allow objects being held to have their scale adjusted. So, a work around was needed. Every object had it’s grabbable physics separated from its visuals. That way they are not the same object, but are two connected objects, which we can manipulate. This was very difficult and taught me how to think outside the box, as well use the tools given to me to break convention. This advance also allowed me to create player scaling later on. I think this is the coolest part of the project as it allows for interesting as well as precise VR models and interactions. From the beginning, where I was implementing standard features, to the end where I could create custom features, I feel I gained a lot of knowledge.
