# Self Assessment Essays
## Sam
Our final project idea is not yet set in stone. However, we formulated ten different ideas from which there are lots of similarities. As a base, most of the ideas would be implemented as a desktop application. However, there are a couple unique ideas that would need to be held on different platforms, like AR directions on mobile, or the robot traversal with IoT. Lots of these applications deal with computer graphics, dealing with AR, modeling, and visual representations. Also, machine learning is present in some of these to traverse or understand the field or environment.

While I have never taken any courses in computer graphics, there are still lots of things I can take away from my coursework. First of all, software engineering provided very valuable teamwork experience. I will draw from the positives of my project and effective collaboration. My team completed the project, even when one group member completely disappeared halfway through the project and never returned. We persevered and took on responsibility. Also, I have taken AI before. This will be helpful for the ideas that used machine learning to understand or navigate terrains.

On my co-ops I worked at Fox Sports as a test engineer. I worked on the Quality Assurance team for two rotations, doing tech-debt related tasks like revamping the API test suite through use of schemas and other basic optimization strategies. During this time, I worked very independently. I was given huge tasks, to apply these changes and generally improve every single test. I learned a lot about independence, integrity, working proactively, and documenting my work to make it easier to track. The next rotation I worked as a member of the FSCOM(front-end web) team. I tested bugs and new features while reporting and working with the developers and the other 2 test engineers on the team.

I am very motivated and excited about this project. Even though I don’t have any computer graphics experience, I would love to enter this field. It has been my dream to work for a video game company at some point. So, VR, AR and AI/machine learning would all be great segues into the field. Also, even other projects like mapping 3d objects onto humans, or other computer graphics related projects would still be great experience to help start me on my path. I’ve always enjoyed working in teams, and I’m excited to get another chance to do just that.

As a preliminary approach to the project, we all decided on an application. As I mentioned earlier, most of the ideas would use a desktop application, but some special projects use other types like mobile or IoT. So as a starting point, we mentioned designing this application in Flutter, a cross-platform application development kit.  As a group we talked about difficulty of perfecting a computer graphics project. Especially for difficult concepts like VR, we will need to accept that that the graphics will only be able to be so pretty given the timeframe. We will of course do our best to present a beautiful project, but there is never anything that is perfect, and we probably might have to sacrifice some graphics potential in order to have a complete project. I will know I have done a good job and been a good member of the team if I work proactively. That doesn’t just mean ask how I can be most effectively used, but also searching out for work and progress with integrity.
## Nick
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; For my senior design project I will be working with a team to develop a Computer Graphics application.  This application will be designed to allow users to interface with a complex computer system in an intuitive and visual way.  Over my academic career I have built a deeper understanding of the systems and algorithms that allow computers to function.  My goal is to create something that will give users a new way to interact with those systems in an intuitive and unique way.  My hope is that, in doing this, people will use technology in ways that they couldn’t have without my work.  I want to create something that others can use to create something of their own.

I began my education in Computer Science during my second semester of college.  During that time I took Intro to Computer Science (CS 1021C).  I struggled with this course as it introduced me to a lot of unfamiliar concepts during a time when I was also managing a number of difficult general engineering courses.  In my second year Python Programming (CS 2021) gave me a lot more general programming knowledge as well as being the first class to allow me to take the lead on a larger project.  Over the next few semesters I took Intro to Animation (DMC 2155) and Lighting and Modeling for Animation (DMC 3157) which taught me about the process for creating digital art.  Though these two classes didn’t contribute much to my technical knowledge, they did get me thinking more about using software to create something visual.  I also took Software Engineering (EECE 3093C) which gave me a better idea of how to manage a software project and Algorithm Design (CS 4071) which gave me the tools needed to think about accomplishing complex goals using more advanced strategies.  Last year, I took Operating Systems (EECE 4029) with Professor John Gallagher who really helped me to rethink how I approached my problem solving.  That class was maybe the most helpful in teaching me how to be a better Computer Scientist.  Finally, this year I am taking a special topic course in Computer Graphics (EECE 4005).  This course is going into detail on the knowledge that will be most important in this project and the areas that I would like to pursue as a career after graduation.
My first three co-ops were with International Technegroup Incorporated.  During my first rotation I worked in QA  running through already completed tasks to check for errors.  I feel like the most valuable thing that I learned during this time was how to effectively communicate with teammates in a clear and concise way.  During my next two rotations I worked in development for one of ITI’s main software products CADIQ.  This was my first major experience with project development on a large team.  The main thing that I took away from these rotations were how to work with a large base of code and how to seek out relevant information in complex programs.  For my final two rotations I worked for Total Quality Logistics in application development.  Here I applied the skills that I learned from ITI as well as my greater general experience in order to be more creative in my problem solving.  I also got the chance to work on more advanced projects and more team oriented problems.  During my time at TQL I also worked on improving my organizational skills by taking inspiration from the AGILE development strategies used by the company.

The reason that I wanted to do this project was primarily because I have an interest in working in the animation industry when I graduate from college.  My hope is that I will be able to include the application that I develop here as part of a portfolio to present to potential employers in the future.  Another incentive to work on a project like this was to give me a way to apply what I’m learning in my computer graphics course.  I’m learning a lot of new information and I find that I can learn best when applying that knowledge to something productive.  I believe that this project will be useful in teaching me skills that will be useful, not only in the animation industry, but in any field that utilizes computer graphics.  I have found that it is a very prolific, but not often talked about, part of computer science.

My goal for this project is to have an organized and well monitored approach.  I am hoping that we are able to coordinate well as a team and effectively divide the work between us.  One of our major considerations for this project is making sure that we are approaching things in steps.  Our basic goal is relatively simple, though we hope that, after achieving our initial goal, we will be able to build upon it and make additions without risking our initial accomplishments.  I plan to suggest an organizational system similar to how I organized my work while on co-op.  I’d like to keep track of all of the tasks that each team member has been assigned as well as what the last thing that they did and the next thing that needs to be done in relation to each task.  This will let the entire team see how far along each item is and what may be causing any potential hold-ups.  I have learned a lot from each of my classes and from my co-op experience.  I plan to apply that knowledge to create a project that I can be proud to present to others.

## Adonia
## Ming
My capstone project will be making an Augmented Reality Controlled Hologram App that projects clothes on a human body. I chose this topic because I think AR is a very interesting feature and could come in useful in the future, AR is commonly used in gaming and simulation, which I think it would develop a lot in the near future, this project will be covering App development, API connection, I will also be using AR kit, a software development kit, this project will lt me gain experience in App development and learn new technologies.

In my 3 years in UC, I have learned many skill sets, for this project I will be using hard skills from my CS 2028C data structure class, as well as CS 2021 Python class, I will also be using knowledge from my EECE 3093 software engineering course since I build an app with my group in that class, and learned how to coordinate, also on my own, I took some HTML classes through UC linkedin learning, so that would also come helpful.

For my 4 Coop rotations, I mostly did Quality Assurance in a Development Team for IOS Apps, through my 2rd Coop at Cincinnati Insurance, My Manager Lisa Swaford assigned me to use automation testing tools, which I learned a great deal of how JSON files are used in API connections. For my 3rd Coop at Divisional Maintenance Group, I worked in a Agile development team for developing a App for field managers, I did automation testing for API connection as well as using selenium for testing web pages, I learned how to test functionalities and some knowledge in automation, I also did manual testing for the app, so I learned how the Development cycle works, as well as C# skills, I will be using those skills I learned to help my team with API connection and QA.

I am motivated to make this app, I am always open to learn new things, in the age where new technologies are booming I have to keep learning to keep up with the industry, I think that AR will have great potential in industry and in the future if i ever get into a project that has technology related to this, I will help my team a lot, I am also wanting to learn more about coding since my Coops are mostly QA roles, having more  experience in coding will help me get more into automation or frontend development.

For my approach to design, I will get more into ARKit and watch some videos online about making AR apps. I will follow the steps and create something different but using the same principle, For outcome, I wish my App would be able to project well on an IOS app, and I can modify the size, color of the projections, I want my app to be able to project multiple items too since its for clothe, me and my team will evaluate on our way and compare to online sources to determine if our product is good enough.
